That's an outright lie.
Juice was something I never drank.
In the thunderstorm, her umbrella was turned inside out.
She wished she had taken the other job.
When you sit down for a long time, it hurts.
I’m excited about the future.
She repotted her plants instead of doing work because she felt lazy.
You can't skip laundry, but you can now skip adding detergent.
She wants to be a dentist.
You can really get into the soul of the song with that.
Crime is certainly on the increase in many of our cities.
We have a dinner setup for us.
Tom started a list so he wouldn't forget anything.
You ought to do it.
My brother is big enough to travel alone.
Her writing was good, but almost overwritten, because she tried to make every single sentence interesting.
He had a sore throat so I gave him my bottle of water and told him to keep it.
What do you like to do with other people?
Don’t be silly, you're going to the game!
Are you sure that's not a moose?
I was dying of boredom at work today.
In England, TJ Maxx is called TK Maxx.
She forgot to water the plant for two months.
She threw her back out.
I'm not sure if there is a meaning to life.
Kim and Matt are members of the school swim team.
Everyone says In-N-Out is the best fast-food restaurant in the country, but honestly, I was very underwhelmed.
The sea sparkled in the sunlight.
The Queen of England lives in Buckingham Palace.
the number of miraculous self-healings will rise.
I need a tiny little favor.
She was in Australia when the COVID-lockdown started.
I like your haircut.
One morning, I found an elephant in my pajamas.
She had many opportunities to give up, but she chose not to.
The tape got stuck on my lips so I couldn't talk anymore.
Don’t get too excited!
Don’t worry about it!
Can we stop pretending to like kale?
Good morning!
You were right.
Criticizing racists isn't a repression of free speech, it is free speech.
Her dream is to visit Paris.
He’s a chemistry whiz.
I feel like I am going to pass out.
The siblings could help each other.
If you turn right, you will see a big building.
The moms and dads all sat around drinking coffee and eating donuts.
Yes, you can have a carry on.
Time flies like an arrow; fruit flies like a banana.
I'd like to run a stock farm.
There used to be big trees around my house.
She lived in constant fear of being abruptly fired.
Big men are not always strong.
Mr. White went to the store last night.
It's the third largest city in Serbia.
Don’t be nervous!
Don't let it get wet!
That's it, go to time-out!
Going to a bar is a fun thing to do.
This is the list of all the people buried here.
My mom drove me to school fifteen minutes late on Tuesday.
The new movie was not as good as I thought it would be.
I don't like rain.
Dozens of houses were burned down in that big fire.
The package will arrive six days late.
He didn't get the position.
Her Youtube video was demonetized because it had a copyrighted song in it.
It takes place in a school.
My pants were falling down so I added a belt.
I'm putting Tom on the list.
Tom started a list so he wouldn't forget anything.
Bumble sucks.
On top of the mountain, he started screaming and could not stop.
every decision has an antecedent.
I need to stop spending money.
What do you see?
Hurry up, slowpoke!
How about a nice, big hug for grandma?
That's a mistake, isn't it?
She played him like a violin.
You have to switch it off when you’re in the library.
She hated iced coffee, but he loved it.
You should never lie.
Suddenly from under the stove there came a squeak.
There will be a big earthquake in the future.
I'll talk you through every step of the aquatic soccer game.
I wanted to flirt with the barista, but suddenly, I couldn't find my tongue.
I like geography and science.
I had a bad feeling the morning after drinking too much.
The dog was so tired he fell asleep on the way to his doghouse.
I don't want to drink alcohol.
I love my new pets.
I think it's fine to have many credit cards, as long as you pay them off every month.
The door slammed down on my hand, and I screamed like a little baby.
A double date is fun if you want to hangout with everyone.
Why do you need such a big house?
Have you ever been late a day in your life?
Mind your own business!
Paying your rent is not your biggest worry.